README.md, before:

# Jupyter-Stuff
## 1. 1/3/2023 - Satellite Data
It was my first class after a while and coming back to coding. But I still had my coding energy and was able to start right where I left off in learning coding. This was the first class that I started using Jupyter Notebook. I was very suprised with that change, but I wasn't excited for the upcoming change and argued how thigns were fine the way we were doing. We weren't changing the language and were still using python. The main we changed to using that was because it already had installed some libraries such as panda and numpy. But that was it and me being me, I had a workaround which most people would have guessed. Just using ```pip install```, and then puting the name of the libraries. The only experience I had with Jupyter Notebook before this was when I was first learning python independently and was just exploring the world of python and what the language had to offer. When I first used it, I thought it would be a good way to test small lines of codes and was a good temporary solution for learning. But I thought to myself when using and working on bigger projects having a pythong file would be easier. But I couldn't have been more wrong. I am sure many people have different opinions but this is what I have to say, Jupyter Notebook can still be used for big projects but of course parts of them and having all of the parts work together through various files to build the final product. But it offeres a variety of organization that you might have to do manually, but many things that you still don't get while using a regualr python file and your choice of IDE. This project in class was only the start of my journey of exploring, learning, and hating Jupyter Notebook whilst learning python. 

## 2. 1/5/2023 - Health Graph

Commit message:

Adding todays experience to it
really considering creating separate read me files to stay organized or might just continue this long path not sure yet. maybe having one read me file in each folder. not sure yet. can always make changes later.

README.md, after:

# Jupyter-Stuff
## 1. 1/3/2023 - Satellite Data
It was my first class after a while and coming back to coding. But I still had my coding energy and was able to start right where I left off in learning coding. This was the first class that I started using Jupyter Notebook. I was very suprised with that change, but I wasn't excited for the upcoming change and argued how thigns were fine the way we were doing. We weren't changing the language and were still using python. The main we changed to using that was because it already had installed some libraries such as panda and numpy. But that was it and me being me, I had a workaround which most people would have guessed. Just using ```pip install```, and then puting the name of the libraries. The only experience I had with Jupyter Notebook before this was when I was first learning python independently and was just exploring the world of python and what the language had to offer. When I first used it, I thought it would be a good way to test small lines of codes and was a good temporary solution for learning. But I thought to myself when using and working on bigger projects having a pythong file would be easier. But I couldn't have been more wrong. I am sure many people have different opinions but this is what I have to say, Jupyter Notebook can still be used for big projects but of course parts of them and having all of the parts work together through various files to build the final product. But it offeres a variety of organization that you might have to do manually, but many things that you still don't get while using a regualr python file and your choice of IDE. This project in class was only the start of my journey of exploring, learning, and hating Jupyter Notebook whilst learning python. It was a great day learning about Jupyter and what is has to offer, and I can't wait to learn more about it. **_Thats is going to be a wrap for today._**

## 2. 1/5/2023 - Health Graph
Today was my first homework project using Jupyter Notebook on my own. I was able to succesfully complete the project while further establishing my self into the Jupyter Notebook and how it works. I also explored and used many of the features that Jupyter Notebook had to help me complete and understand some of the errors while working on the project. The first thing I want to talk about is the Jupyter Notebook and the features that I used. Having my code seperated into differnet cells helped with testing certain parts of the code instead of running and going throught the whole code. So it made my workflow a bit faster and helped me organize my code much better. The second thing I want to talk about is the with Jupyter Notebook I was able to easily look at the data from my ```.csv``` files and also the varialbe that had data which was exctracted from the original ```.csv``` using the **data viewer** feature that Jupyter Notebeook offers. It helped me understand what was happening with my code and also fix errors more quickly and efficiently. There are more things to talk about and explore but those can be talked about in later talks. The second thing that I want to talk about is something that mey seem simple but is something I discovered today that helps me with my workflow and makes me more effecient. I was able to make my workflow more effecient with updating repositories that are remote and I need to edit them but I don't want to open up the browser and do it from the comfort of my IDE and also have a copy of the file for safety reasons. I would first ```git clone``` the repositories and then I would just ```git sync``` the changes making it a quick and easy process. It was quite a day for me and I am proud of what I was able to accomplish. **_Thats is going to be a wrap for today._**
